[0 - Tela de Menu]

Imagem de um investigador, sentado numa escrivaninha, lendo jornal, com um cigarro na boca e um como de uísque na mesa.

Botão "Nome do jogo"
  -> Botão "Iniciar"
    -> Vai para cena 1
  -> Botão "Opções"
    -> Abre as opções
  -> Botão "Sair"
    -> Fecha o jogo


[1 - Início]

Imagem do investigador, com um plano mais aberto (ou de costas), mostrando a porta de entrada do escritório (logo de olho no vidro, escrito PI, pro lado de fora)

Texto
  Pensamento
    "In this town, not everything is what it seems.
    I was in my office, when it happened. 'Another day in this hellhole', I thought to myself.
    That's when I saw her."

Transição automática de cena

[2 - A Loira]

Imagem da Loira, no meio do escritório, porta aberta ao fundo.
Loira alta, magra, com vestido de peça única até a canela, vermelho vivo e um chapéu de abas longas cobrindo a parte dos olhos.
Carrega a carteira (daquelas mais alongadas) nas mãos, juntas na frente do corpo.

Texto
  Diálogo
    "I've heard you are the best PI in town. Have I heard wrong?" - Jean

    "That depends, lady, for what job. Let me take a bet, lost your puppy at the park?" - Henry

    "The matter is a tad more serious than that, unfortunately. My house was broken in, and my husband is missing.
    Oswald doesn't usually goes away like this, and I don't know who to ask for help." - Jean

    "Do you have a phone, ma'am? The operator can put you in touch with the deputy. A middle-aged man does not disappear all of a sudden like that." - Henry

    "Police won't help me, not in MY speed. Well, fine, if it's not for money that you work for, sir, I'll find who will." - Jean

    "Chivalry is for the young, ma'am. Fine, I'll take the job. Let me get my coat." - Henry

Transição automática de cena

[3.1 - Centro do escritório]

Centro do escritório de Oswald.
Mesa pesada de madeira maciça, fechada na frente, com poltrona de couro. Gavetas jogadas no chão, papel por toda parte.
Duas janelas ao fundo, uma delas aberta. Uma pilha de caixas e livros não arquivados encostada abaixo da janela. As caixas abaixo da janela parecem jogadas e amassadas em alguns pontos.

Texto
  Diálogo (Quando entra pela primeira vez na sala)
    "Ma'am, before you tell me all of it, and be aware, you will tell me everything, I want you to understand that I'll ask questions.
    And that questions may not be fun. I hope you know that my work here depends on your *honesty*[0]." - Henry

  Pop-up de texto Tutorial
    "You can click on the *highlighted* words, to ask questions about them."
  Pop-up some quando o jogador clica na [0].

  Diálogo, Resposta [0]
    "Honesty? You doubt my honesty, already? I'm paying you to help me, not humiliate me. understand your place." - Jean

    "Take it easy, ma'am. That's not what I meant.
    In my line of work, it more common to be lied to than the opposite, that's all.
    Anyway, please, tell me all that you know." - Henry

  Diálogo (3.1.A) -> Retorna a Cena 3.1
    "Very well...
    Here is where Oswald *used to work*[1]. His entire life is in this documents, this drawers.
    I *came back*[2] home, to this, this mess, this nonsense.
    The office door was still *locked*[3], and none of the employees can even enter here.
    The only appointment Oswald had was a dinner tonight, but that was *cancelled*[4] yesterday." (Gatilho A1)

  Se não passar na resposta [1] -> Retorna a Cena 3.1
    Diálogo
      "By the way, what does your husband work with exactly, miss..." - Henry

      "Jean. Jean Fountainne." - Jean

      "Jean Fountainne, from Fountainne Industries?" - Henry

      "That's right." - Loira

      "That answers my question." - Investigador

  Pensamento, Reposta [1] -> Retorna a Diálogo 3.1.A
    "Used to? Is she that certain that he's dead?"

    Diálogo
    "Seu marido trabalha com o quê exatamente, senhora..." - Investigador
    "What does your husband work with, miss..."

    "Jean. Jean Fountainne.
    My husband takes care of the family business. Fountainne Industries, rings a bell?
    Is a position with it's dose of enemies." - Jean (Gatilho 4)

  Diálogo, Reposta [2] -> Retorna a Diálogo 3.1.A
    "Just to make sure, you were out of the house during your husband's disappearance, right?
    If you don't mind telling me, where were you at the time?" - Henry

    "Yes, I were. I'm a very busy woman.
    I was at a business meeting, on the north side of town." - Jean (Gatilho 5)

    Pensamento
    "She's visibly upset with my question. Although powerful people rarely like to justify themselves."

  Diálogo, Resposta [3] -> Retorna a Diálogo 3.1.A
    "The office has only one door, right? And who keeps the key?" - Henry

    "With Mister Oswald, of course. None else has access." - Jean (Gatilho A2, B1, C1)

  Diálogo, Reposta [4] -> Retorna a Diálogo 3.1.A
    "Cancelled, was it?" - Henry

    "Yes. A business transaction that stopped making sense." - Jean


Interações
  Gavetas no chão -> Retorna a Cena 3.1
    Pensamento
    "All drawers were riffled with. Who ever did this, made a good job. This place is a mess."

  Papeis espalhados -> Retorna a Cena 3.1
    Pensamento
      "Papers thrown all about the place. Looks like who ever was here was looking for something.
      Spreadsheets, letters, time sheets. It seems it's all industry related." (Gatilho B2)

  Copo de Uísque -> Retorna a Cena 3.1
    Pensamento
      "This scotch glass has just water in it. A man this rich does not drink water from a scotch glass.
      Whoever was drinking this did not leave in a hurry, drank all the booze and left only the ice." (Gatilho D1)

  Mesa
    Pensamento -> Retorna a Cena 3.1
      "Nice chair. It does seems comfy."


  Janela -> Retorna a Cena 3.1
    Pensamento
      "Only one window is opened, right behind the desk.
      If I were to climb out of here, would be easy, I'd just step in this boxes.
      By the way, some boxes directly below the window seem bruised. Maybe someone did just that."(Gatilho A3, B3 e C2)

Transição para 3.2 e 3.3 por comando do jogador

[3.2 - Esquerda do escritório]

Lateral esquerda do escritório de Oswald
Estante de livros, cobrindo quase toda a parede. Livros de diversos tamanhos e cores, ainda organizados, mesmo que de alguma maneira não clara a primeiro momento. Pouquíssimos livros estão faltando.
A parte de cima da estante tem basicamente apenas livros de lombada grossa, cinza escura, todos idênticos. Perfeitamente organizados, nenhum deles está faltando. Este arranjo não vai até o fim da prateleira, tem um aparador no final dos livros (um busto, talvez?)

Interações
  Livros cinza do topo -> Retorna a Cena 3.2
    Pensamento
      "Let's see this books.. Ledgers from recent years. At least 20 years worth of ledgers, in pristine conditions.
      This info is worth killing for. Whoever made this mess did not see this, or did not care." (Gatilho B4, C4, D3)

  Livros do meio -> Retorna a Cena 3.2
    Pensamento (Gatilho 2)
      "Plato, Alighieri, Shakespeare... Knowledgeable, I'd say.
      Wait a minute. Yes, just as I suspected.
      This books are just for show.
      All of this books is in pristine condition, probably were never opened once, with a layer of dust on the cover.

  Livros de baixo -> Retorna a Cena 3.2
    Pensamento (Gatilho 2)
      "Dickens, Verne, Tolstoy.. Eclectic.
      All in excellent condition, but someone should give them a good clean, dust is building up.
      One of this books is different. The cover looks worn. Machiavelli's *The Prince*[1]. Never read it."

  Resposta [1]
    Livro aberto, mas com suas páginas cortadas no centro, formando uma caixa oca.
    Dentro está uma chave (Gatilho 9).

Transição para 3.1 e 3.4 por comando do jogador

[3.3 - Direita do escritório]

Lateral direita do escritório de Oswald
Uma mesa longa e simples, apenas um tampo e pernas, porém bem construída. Uma maleta fechada sobre a mesa, e diversos livros jogados
Vários livros jogados no chão.
A parede ao fundo contem diversos quadros, todos de figuras masculinas bem vestidas.

Interações
  Livros na mesa -> Retorna a Cena 3.3
    Pensamento
    "This table was not spared. Man, what a mess.
    Let me see. Biology, Philosophy, Economy.. Does not seem to have a lot o *sense*[1] to this mess..
    (Interação apenas depois do Gatilho 2)
    Who did this?"

    Resposta [1]
      Pensamento
      "Hold on a second.. This books, look a bit random, right?
      None of them seem worn, ou even opened before. They probably are the ones missing on the shelf over there.
      All of this look staged. Was there really someone looking for info on Fountainne Industries?" (Gatilho C5, D4)

  Quadros no fundo -> Retorna a Cena 3.3
    Pensamento
    "So much old people on the wall. Fountainne linage, I presume. Money and power for decades, so it seems.
    Imagine what must be like to be born on a silver cradle, built upon the sweat of this city workers, by this white-bearded men.
    But I digress. I bet that, from all this old folks, just Oswald maybe still lives. If he still lives, of course."(Gatilho 3)

  Maleta
    Pensamento, sem a chave -> Retorna a Cena 3.3


    Pensamento, com a chave (Gatilho 9) -> Pula pra cena 3.3.1
      "Let's try this key here.. Yeah, it fits."

    Pensamento, com gatilho 8 -> Pula pra cena 3.3.1
      "Well, miss Jean did gave me permission to look ANYWHERE, right?
      Ready, set.. 'BAM' OK, case opened, no pun intended. Sorry Oswald."

Transição para 3.1 e 3.4 por comando do jogador

[3.3.1 - Dentro da Maleta]

Maleta sobre a mesa aberta
Um caderninho de capa de couro, com as iniciais O.F.F. gravadas, com marcador de fita vermelha.
Sobre ele, um revolver prateado polido, com cabo de madeira. Algumas balas jogadas no fundo da maleta.

Interações
  Magnum
    Pensamento
      "Smith & Wesson .44 special series. 5" barrel for better aiming, type N frame, nickel finish.
      Three and a half months pay of a police officer. Does not worth much if you can't aim properly, but at least intimidates.
      All six bullets in the barrel, and some to spare. I bet it was never even tested. What a shame."

  Caderno
    Pensamento
      "A personal notebook, with the initials O.F.F., as in Oswald F. Fountainne. That's my guy.
      Dates, names and places. That's gold. Let's see what it says.
      Yesterday, 12:15 pm, lunch with Hewitt. Check. 4:00 pm, cocktails with the Mayor. Check. 7:40 pm, meeting with McMillan, canceled.
      Today, 7:40 pm, meeting with McMillan, again. Looks like it wasn't cancelled after all." (Gatilho 1) (Gatilho C3, D2)

Transição para 3.1 por comando do jogador

Aki *----------------------------------------------------------------------------------*

[3.4 - Fundos do escritório]

Fundo do escritório de Oswald
Loira parada, próxima a porta, ainda com ar de misteriosa. Ao fundo, uma chapeleira com um casaco de peles masculino e um feminino, e o chapéu da Loira pendurado. Uma carta no chão, próxima ao casaco de peles feminimo.
Também é visível a porta de entrada do escritório aberta.

Interação
  Chapeleira
    Pensamento -> Retorna a Cena 3.4
      "A *male fur coat*[1], probably Oswald's, and Ms. Fountainne's hat.
      Indeed, it's not so cold of a night.
      Mr. Fountainne's suit jacket isn't on the hanger. Maybe he was wearing when he got kidnapped. Sounds odd, though."

    Pensamento, Resposta [1]
      "Going through a man's pocket isn't exactly the highest point of my carrer, but still.
      Look at this, a letter from a L.Hewitt."

      Carta
      'My dear friend, I write you to bring you great news.
      Our merger seem to get closer by the hour.
      Already talked to the board, and our plan was approved.
      It's is a pity that this decision has been giving you much of a headache at home, but I trust that your nose for business is stronger than your emotions.
      You were never to bend for any one, least of all for your wife.' (Gatilho C6, D5)

    Carta
      Pensamento
        "Hey, look. This seems to fallen out of Jean's coat. Let me get it...
        It's a letter, addressed to a J.L.F.
        Hold on, J? Jean?
        This is going to get interesting."

        Carta
        'Dear Jane, I'd like you to know that your efforts to mess up the merger of Fountainne industries was not gone unnoticed.
        I have a business proposition for you. I'll cancel my meeting with Oswald, and reschedule for tomorrow.
        Met me today, same time and place, and we'll discuss details.
        Sincerely,
        Owen H. McMillan' (Gatilho D6)


  Porta
    Pensamento -> Retorna a Cena 3.4
      "This old manor house are always larger and heavier than necessary. They are safe, at least.
      It's unlikely that someone would break in this door, and there's no sign of it. It was likely *unlocked*[2].
      Either that, or whoever did this got in another way.. The window, maybe." (Gatilho A4, B5, C7)

    Diálogo, Resposta [2] -> Retorna a Cena 3.4
      "Ma'am, Mr. Oswald usually locks this door when he's working?
      If so, who else has this key?" - Henry

      "Yes. Oswald would never leave this door unlocked.
      The only people who enter this room are Oswald, myself and the house keepers.
      Even so, only under Mr. Oswald's supervision, or *my own*[3]." - Jean

    Resposta [3] -> Retorna a Cena 3.4
      Diálogo
      "So you do have a key, ma'am." - Henry

      "No, I don't. Oswald leaves his with me when needed. There are no copies of his keys." - Jean

      Pensamento
      "Oswald being thorough with who's accessing his office I buy. I don't buy what she's selling, thought.
      Full of pride as she is, she's unlikely to have not made a copy. She was alone with the key several times." (Gatilho 6)

  Loira
    Diálogo -> Retorna a Cena 3.4
    "Have you already figured who took my husband, Mr. PI?" - Jean

    Pensamento (3.4.A)
    "*Friends*[1]
    *Enemies*[2]
    *How's business*[3]
    *Threats*[4]
    *Suspects*[5]"

    Diálogo
    "Ma'am, I should ask anyway, do I have permission to check anything in this office, right?" - Henry

    "Sure, be my guest." - Jean (Gatilho 8)

    Resposta [1] -> Retorna a Pensamento 3.4.A
      Diálogo
      "Mr. Fountainne is a business man, I see. A man this powerful must be well connected." - Henry

      "Is that a question, Mr. PI?
      Yes, of course. We have the habit of keeping in touch with everyone that matters in this city.
      Door don't usually remain closed for Mr. Oswald." -Jean

    Resposta [2] -> Retorna a Pensamento 3.4.A
      Diálogo
      "The Fountainne family is a powerful one, so it seems. I suppose that does not come without breaking a few eggs. Or people." - Henry

      "What are you implying? Oswald has a spotless reputation, no mere detective for hire would stain it.
      The answer you are looking for is yes. Yes, Oswald has enemies.
      Particularly, the Hewitt family has shown great interest in buying part of our business.
      That has lead to somewhat heat discussions, to say the least, Oswald told me." (Gatilho B6)

      Pensamento
      "Hewitt? I've heard that name before.. They own industries too."

      Pensamento, com gatilho 6
      "I believe this lady is trying to frame this Hewitt guy for her husband's disappearance.
      Why someone would go all this way to merge companies, just to take out the guy?" (Gatilho C8, D7)

    Resposta[3]
      Diálogo
      "How is business going, Ms. Fountainne?" - Henry

      "Great, Mr. PI.
      Oswald has more ambition than anyone in this family ever had.
      Unfortunately he's also the most stubborn, too..
      I'm sorry, I should not have told you this, it's not relevant at the time.
      I'm tired of this conversation, resume your work." - Jean

    Resposta[4]
      Diálogo
      "Miss Fountainne, you or your husband received any death threats or something similar this past few days?" - Henry

      "Besides the usual, you mean?
      We get death threats every day. Some are clearly nonsense, some are from past employees.
      All sort of scum that sees what we accomplished thinks they have the right to talk." - Jean

    Resposta[5]
      Diálogo
      "After all, do you have anyone you suspect?" - Henry

      "To be honest, I do. Oswald was in a business lunch yesterday, with Louis Hewitt.
      Business between them are not going well, and I don't understand why this damned man keeps visiting this house.
      In any case, this got heated, and by the lunch's end, it was pretty clear that this man was not messing around anymore." - Jean (Gatilho B7)

      "So you think that this Louis person is up to something?" - Henry

      "Up to, mr. PI?
      M husband is missing, his office ransacked.
      Find that goddamned man and get his to justice, mister." - Jean (gatilho B8, C9)

Transição para 3.2 e 3.3 por comando do jogador

[4 - A dedução final]

A - Oswald foi raptado, não se sabe por quem

B - Oswald foi raptado por Hewitt

C - Oswald foi raptado por McMillan

D - Oswald foi ao encontro de McMillan, Jean participa do esquema

[4.A - Oswald foi raptado]

Diálogo
  ""

[4.B - Oswald foi raptado por Hewitt]
